- [birds chirping]
- [girl humming a tune]
[humming continues]
Hmm?
[energy surges]
[gasps]
[panting]
[echoing] Naofumi!
Naofumi!
[normal] Naofumi!
[gasps]
Rishia, is that you?
[gasps] Thank goodness!
I kept calling your name,
but you were out cold.
[sighs] Where are we?
[breeze blowing]
I wish I knew,
but I only woke up
a few moments before you did.
[Naofumi gasps]
Raphtalia and Filo?
It looks like it’s
just the two of us.
I see.
[gasps]
What is this shield?
Oh, I’m not sure,
but it looked like that
when I woke up.
I’ve never seen it before.
What is it?
[gasps]
Is everything all right?
My level...
it dropped back down to one.
Huh?!
If I’m not mistaken,
you’re also back to level one.
[yelps]
[gasps]
[sighs] You can
scream all you want,
but I’m not sure
it’s gonna do any good.
[muffled grunt]
[sighs] I’m guessing Kyo
is the one behind this--
Raphtalia and Filo
not being here,
our levels being reset to one.
[Raphtalia] Master Naofumi!
[both gasp]
What a relief!
I’m so glad
you and Rishia are safe!
Where’s Filo?
I don’t see her anywhere.
Raphtalia, your body.
[Raphtalia] Huh?
[Naofumi] What happened?!
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[screams]
- [gate creaking]
- It’s wide open.
We weren’t locked in here
to begin with?
I don’t see
any guards here, either,
and we still have our weapons.
[Raphtalia grunting]
[sword clunks]
You can’t use that.
That’s too heavy.
But thing is...
it’s the only weapon I have.
- [gasps]
- Uh...
[gasps]
[grumbles]
[no audible dialogue]
[sighs]
- What’s the matter?
- Nothing.
I was just thinking back
to when we first met is all.
Look, I might be back
to being level one,
and my body
might be smaller now,
but none of that matters,
because I will always be
your sword!
Yup, that’s right.
It’s totally different
than it was back then.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[Rishia gasps]
Naofumi, Raphtalia, look!
Eh?
[Raphtalia] It looks
like somebody lives here.
There’s even a stove in there.
You think it belongs to
the person who brought us here?
If someone is here, then
why do they live in a prison?
[gasps]
Does that lead outside?
Nothing about any of this
feels right.
Maybe, but we have to go.
[grunts]
[gasps] W-Wait!
Don’t leave me here alone!
[all grunt]
[all gasp]
[waves lapping]
[Raphtalia] Eh?
[Naofumi gasps]
Something’s a bit off.
What do you mean?
[Naofumi]
Despite there being waves...
there’s no wind.
[gasps]
And look!
The coast is weird too!
It almost looks like
there’s nothing out there
beyond the horizon.
[gasps]
So it would be suicide
to go out into the water.
[Rishia gasps]
[whimpers]
[birds chirping]
It doesn’t look like Filo’s
anywhere nearby,
so it’s possible
she’s not stuck here
in this weird space with us.
I hope she’s safe.
I-I’m sure she’s just fine!
Knowing her,
she’s probably having
a lot of fun somewhere
right now.
[Raphtalia] You really think so?
[Rishia sighs]
What if we don’t ever find her?
It’s just she hasn’t ever
been all by herself like this.
[Rishia sighs]
Before we can look for Filo,
we have to get out of here.
Right!
[sighs] Mm-hmm!
[rustling]
[all gasp]
[Naofumi] Cardboard?
[box hisses]
[growls]
[gasps]
[box squeals]
[growling]
Raphtalia!
Right!
[yelling]
[box shrieks]
[Rishia] A-Are you hurt?
No, I’m not, not hurt at all.
A white cardboard shield?
Well, that’s certainly new.
It must be like
an Orange Balloon.
Looks like we get XP too,
which is helpful,
since we should probably
raise our levels a bit.
Let’s do it!
And that goes
for you too, Rishia.
[gasps] Right!
[squeaking]
[yells]
[gasping]
- [Rishia grunts]
- [yelps]
[laughs]
[grunting]
[rabbit squeals]
[both gasp]
[sighs] I really needed that!
[sighs] We really lucked out
finding drinkable water.
[Rishia giggles]
It’s hard to justify
fighting these
low-level enemies.
I think drinking all that water
worked up an appetite.
Oh, now that you mention it,
I’m starving!
- [bubbles popping]
- [both gasp]
[growls]
[screams]
A kappa?
[gasps] Raphtalia, wait!
[groans]
[hisses]
[gasps]
[groaning]
- Master Naofumi!
- Run!
You can’t fight him
at your level!
- [hissing]
- [grunting]
[gasps]
Come on.
[yells]
[Raphtalia gasps]
[hisses]
Get your hands off him,
you monster!
Take this!
[groans]
[hisses]
No, wait!
[girl] Slaughter Wire!
[gurgling]
- [girl] You okay?
- [both gasp]
I take my eyes off you
for one second,
and you manage
to get into trouble.
You guys could have died,
you know.
Who are you?
[groans]
[both gasp]
Kizuna, Kazayama Kizuna.
Hunting Hero...
of the Four Cardinal Heroes!
Did you say...
one of the Four Cardinal Heroes?
Since I gave you my name,
it’s only fair to give yours.
Naofumi Iwatani, Shield Hero...
of the Cardinal Heroes.
Huh? Wait,
you’re a Cardinal Hero too?
But that’s impossible,
’cause I’ve never heard of you.
Nor I you.
In fact, I’ve never even heard
of a Hunting Hero.
And about that name of yours,
am I right in saying
that you’re Japanese?
[sighs]
Yeah. You are too, right?
Master Naofumi?
You took a lot of damage,
considering your heavy armor.
In fact, it looks
like it’s bugging out.
- [crackling]
- [gasps]
My defense values
are bugging out, too.
Is it because my level
isn’t high enough to wield it?
In any case, let’s treat
those wounds of yours first.
Then we’ll talk.
I see. So then you’re
a Cardinal Hero like me,
but from another world,
right, Naofumi?
Oh, is it okay
if I call you Naofumi?
Call me whatever you want,
and I’ll return the favor.
[Raphtalia grumbles]
[giggles]
And I suppose I can call you two
Raphtalia and Rishia.
You lucked out, Naofumi,
having comrades
who care about you so dearly.
You mean
you don’t have any comrades?
I do. Well, used to.
Thing is, I haven’t seen them
ever since I got locked up
in here however many years ago.
How did you get locked up?
Oh, well, I kinda screwed up
and got myself captured
by an enemy country.
But why would they want
to capture a Cardinal Hero?
How else are they
gonna deal with the Waves?
The Waves? What are those?
How do you not know?
The sole reason we Cardinal
Heroes are even summoned
is to help fight
against the Waves.
Huh. Looks like
you and I were summoned
to our respective worlds
for different reasons entirely.
This doesn’t make sense.
How come L’Arc and Glass
knew all about
the existence of the Waves?
Wait. What was that?
Uh, L’Arc and Glass are heroes,
and it seems like they’re from
another world similar to yours.
[gasps] Are you
being serious right now?
You know L’Arc and Glass?!
Believe me when I say
Glass is my best friend.
Your best friend?
The Glass we know is
a scary woman with fans.
So, um, is she
your best friend?
Yeah, that’s her!
You’re best friends
with that monster of a woman?
And just how old
are you, anyway, kid?
Monster of a woman?
And I’m 18. What’s it to you?
[gasps]
So does that mean
you’re a loli...
- [sighs]
- Oh ho ho!
You were about
to say, "loli hag"!
[sighs] So then you
do know what that means.
Duh. Of course I do!
"Lowly"?
And a hag?
- [stomach gurgles]
- [all gasp]
[sighs]
[laughs] Forgive me.
You must be starving.
Let’s grab you some food.
What? Why would I want to eat
with some untrustworthy girl
I met a few minutes ago?
- [both sigh]
- Well, that’s awfully rude.
Need I remind you
that I saved your lives
and that we’re
both Cardinal Heroes?
Now that I know
you’re friends with Glass,
you’re even more untrustworthy.
You might just turn on us
at any moment.
I don’t get it.
Did Glass and L’Arc
give you a hard time
or something?
[sighs] Fine.
Then suit yourself.
Master Naofumi!
[gags]
[Rishia and Raphtalia gasp]
[grunts]
Eh?
My Cardinal Weapon is unique,
in that it can attack people,
but no matter what I do,
it cannot hurt them.
[sighs]
See? Even if I turned on you...
I wouldn’t be able to hurt you
even if I wanted to,
because of my Cardinal Weapon.
[sighs]
So let’s eat!
I’m starving over here!
I brought us plenty of stuff
to chow down on,
and I can cut ’em up with this.
Thanks, but I’ll do it.
Oh, come on. Do you think
I’m trying to poison you?
It’s a question
of who’s the better chef.
[grumbles]
Wow, this looks
incredible, Naofumi!
Maybe I was right to let you
do the cooking after all!
- [stomach gurgles]
- [gasps]
[gasps]
Let’s eat, then.
That’s right. Let’s eat!
- Huh?
- Uh...
[sighing]
[both chuckle]
[chopsticks clatter]
Oh, yeah.
That really hit the spot!
Thank you for the meal,
you two!
Raphtalia, don’t tell me
you’re still hungry.
Wasn’t that enough food?
[sighs]
Of course it was enough!
In fact, I’m so full,
I could burst!
Really? Cause you
used to eat a whole lot more
when we first met.
Uh, because demi-humans
level up faster than normal,
so we have to eat
more food than others.
- So then, you are still hungry.
- [gasps]
There is nothing
to be ashamed of
when you’re in your
growing years, Raphtalia.
Hang on.
I’ll make some more for you.
Thank you so much.
Ah, man, with you around here,
I’m never gonna have to worry
about there being a shortage
of good food ever again.
I hate to be
the bearer of bad news,
but we’re leaving now.
Huh? You can’t,
even if you want to.
What?
This place is
the Infinite Labyrinth,
a temporal prison,
and once you’re inside of it,
you can never hope to leave it.
Did you say, "Never"?
So then, how long
have you been here?
Um, to be honest with you,
I’m not really sure.
I stopped keeping track
after the first few years.
[gasps]
That being said, I never
once thought about giving up.
I spent every day here
looking for a way out,
thinking of
every possible solution,
yet I have never found one.
Just ’cause you can’t escape,
doesn’t mean that we’re
about to give up
and just stay here forever.
Very well. I’d be more
than happy to show you around.
But this place has a daytime
and a nighttime also,
and it’s already
getting rather late,
so why don’t we go
in the morning?
Stay here for the night.
I know it’s not much,
but at the very least,
the monsters can’t get in here.
Poor Kizuna.
I wonder how many years
she’s been trapped inside
of this horrible Labyrinth.
However long,
I know I couldn’t handle it.
I couldn’t, either.
[Naofumi sighs]
What happens if we
do end up like Kizuna
and can’t get out of here?
Doesn’t matter,
because we’re not staying here.
We still need to find Filo
and get vengeance
for what Kyo did to Ost.
[both grunt]
When they told me the truth,
that I’d be spending
the rest of my life here,
it hit me really hard.
"What?! I’m stuck here
all alone forever?"
It was really depressing.
I’ve searched every square inch
of the island
and even tried to go out to sea.
It pains me to say this,
but there was even a time
when I thought I’d
just give up and kill myself.
But I had all the time
in the world at my hands...
so I thought
that I’d keep fighting
for as many years as it took,
until I found a way out.
You’re an incredibly
strong girl, Kizuna!
Wow! [laughs]
You know, Raphtalia,
for someone who’s so little,
you sound grown up.
Another thing motivating me
is seeing Glass
and the others someday.
After years of searching,
I think this is
the most likely place
that leads out
of the Infinite Labyrinth.
I think I’ve taken care
of all the monsters here,
but I’d still be careful.
If you think
this is the way out,
then why haven’t you
tried leaving yet?
Well, then, look.
That’s exactly what I
brought you here to see.
[footsteps echoing]
[Kizuna] This is it.
[grunts]
What is this?
[Kizuna] It looks like the door
that connects the prison
to the island, right?
[both grunt]
I’m pretty sure
this is the far end
of the Infinite Labyrinth,
meaning there’s
nothing beyond it.
Just another dimension awaits.
Don’t tell me the reason
you haven’t gone through it
is ’cause you’re too scared to.
Go on!
- [clang]
- [grunts]
[thumping]
What’s going on?
See? You can’t get in, either.
This is the reason I haven’t
been able to leave this place.
Really?
But why, though?
I’m almost certain that this
is the edge of the space.
That being said,
I don’t think it was
ever meant to be entered.
So the wall just happened
to collapse and reveal
that they hadn’t
actually made anything
on other side of it, right?
That’s exactly right.
Wh-What does that mean
for us, then?
I don’t really
understand it, either,
but I’m guessing this means
there’s no exit for us.
[Naofumi] It may not be an exit,
but at the very least,
it’s a glaring bug.
A bug?
Yeah, that’s what I
was thinking too.
Whether it’s a 3D game
or 2D platformer,
when you come across
a bugged-out area,
what do you do?
Hmm. I suppose
I’d try to get inside.
Wh-What in the world
are you talking about?
We might just be able
to make this work.
Huh?
So I went ahead and made it
just as you requested, Naofumi,
but what is this thing?
[Naofumi] You saw
the description, right?
It’s a Bio Plant Seed.
I can’t do anything to modify it
at my current level.
Oh?
Well, it was kinda like
strengthening a shikigami.
So what are we
gonna do with it?
[chuckles] Something like this!
[gasping]
Master Naofumi, this is...
We need to get
out of here fast!
[Rishia] H-Huh? The room’s
starting to swell up!
[gasps] Can you even do that?
All that matters
is that this little trick
is the only way for us
to force ourselves into the bug.
It’s going to burst!
Raphtalia! Rishia!
- Right!
Uh...
[gasps]
- Kizuna!
- [gasps]
Quick, come with us!
[yells]
Nice!
Hurry up, and jump!
You’re a comrade!
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[liquid pouring]
It did a great job helping us,
but it’ll only cause problems
if it lives.
You’re the best, Master Naofumi.
[groans]
[wind blowing]
Eh?
[gasps]
I’m outside.
Kizuna?
I’m outside!
I’m outside! I’m really outside!
I’m finally outside
of the Infinite Labyrinth!
I can’t believe it!
I’m back in the world
I was summoned to!
[laughs]
Oh, thank you!
- Eh?
- Thank you, Naofumi!
It’s thanks to you
that I’m free!
Thank you with all my heart!
[laughs]
Don’t you think
you’re being a little loud?
[laughs]
I’m finally free!
And now I don’t have to spend
my life all alone anymore.
[laughs]
[Kizuna] Hooray!